and for whom you load all that pile of bricks diego
despite that
God
I'll tell you something let me give you confidential information about you
god likes to observe is a joker think about it
it gives man instincts
they give them that extraordinary gift and after that is what they do, I swear to
your own fun for your own private cosmic theater
tolo calafat reject opposition
the greatest stupidity that has existed vila
but not all
touch
but it could not be
program but swallows it up activists antad of skin loses remains is what it was
it was clear the gentleman moving in the magazine
is to endow each year
it is usual said
is your home the equivalent of palamara life this note
better to reign in hell than to serve in heaven
the goalkeeper
I've been here on earth with my nose stuck in it since everything
started
in upyd eighth feeling that man has been inspired to have
he worries is knowing what he wanted to go never judge him because because he never
reject and despite all its imperfections I do not want to value
I am a humanist
maybe the last humanist
those who use or cuil siopel binner could get
the 20th century was completely mine
all complete care
full
I am coordinating that is coming is my time